the veggie chop is one of the most
versatile tools in the chef in line it's
one of my personal favorites it's great
for chopping
Knut says we're gonna do right now two
herbs to doing salsa batches guacamole I
mean you name it it does the trick so
you just take some nuts here at inside
take the lid place it on top make sure
it's locked into place
and then you just turn this pull a few
times the amount of holes that I do is
how finely or coarsely chopped nuts will
be we'll just do a few more unlock and
within just a few pulls look what we've
done so you can actually put it in here
for storage if you'd like or serving and
let's show one other thing we can do a
very popular item that the veggie chop
is great for is onions so let's just
throw a couple in here and see how fast
the veggie chop can whip these into
shape so once again lock it into place
just a few holes on the cord and how
many poles is that I wasn't counting but
look at this check it out you could just
throw some cilantro in there tomatoes
you know a little few spices whatever
you want to do you could make salsa
right there all in one batch and if you
don't want to use it right now or you
have a little excess it comes with a
handy lid you just pop on top and just
push down and you're ready to put this
in the fridge for later